What does a guy use it won't come x.
Now in this video we're going to be working for.
We're going to create our own for a DVD builder.
So let's go ahead let's come here let's come here to the menu.
OK.
And to the bottom.
I want to disable the photo creds.
I can see the photo credits has been disabled.
And I also want to disable these for many.
So I'm going to come here to that for many worry here.
OK let's come here to the Publish OK and let's go to the menus and open them in any.
So here I want to go to Gary here and I'm going to uncheck this because I don't want to show them.
And let's have a look at it.
Say that how our web say clokes OK.
We go down and you can see this is how I say this looking.
This is the left area which is coming in this fill up here.
OK.
So what you have to do you have to just come here to enable the visual builder
And you can see everything is being looted totally OK.
OK.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down to I find this guy right here.
OK.
I want to add the footer and what I'm going to do I'm just going to click add a new section.
So I'm going to add a basically a regular section.
I'm going to click here and you can see I want to call them right here in my footer.
The first one here would be the copyright.
And then he would be called the action to my dad manual read the privacy policy and terms and conditions
would be.
I just want to dance.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm going to click here and you can see these are coming right here.
I am just going to click here and I can see I just need to apply the background first.
So you can also create a big footer like this for you can add to call them seek.
It totally depends upon how you want to design your footer but I'm just going to tell you an example
of this.
I'm going to make it normal.
I'm going to I'm going to make it full array here.
OK.
So this basically sticks to this.
And what I want to do right now I want to just come here and I want to give give does the background
colors I'm going to come into the background and I need to give the background color so I'm going to
click OK.
I need to craft the color code of this.
So I'm just going to come here and I need to click here.
OK I've got the color code.
OK.
And now I have to paste it trate here.
Let's come here and let's paste it so you can see this is exactly the same.
OK.
And now when we view this page this is.
This will appear totally ok.
I'm going to come here right now and I want to add the text right here.
So let's come here to text.
OK.
And here we go.
So this is should be the text right here.
I want to add a text so it is.
It is going to be and each TNL based text.
Ok I'm going to add and see oh PVI and copy and this is going to be
copyrights.
Complete Lupi.
W.P. choir's 2010 18th.
OK.
And here we go.
This is coming right here.
See I'm like this.
I want to come here.
I want to add a module here.
So the module is going to be two menus right here so I can add these menus and normally I add that section
or I can just come here to the menu array here.
So if you have any menu item here it's a menu.
So we don't have menu right here.
I'm just going to go down go down and let's see what we can add.
So let's add the text normal text.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to click text.
OK.
This is coming right here.
And here I want to add the text so what I'm going to do I'm just I just need two links so I'm going
to add these links.
Just come here to the visual tab Lipscombe here and we need to add firstling would be privacy bewray
we see why
we see VI p o l y.
Privacy Policy.
OK.
And then I want to give speccing this separate it.
And here I want to add one more.
And that is Terms and Conditions terms and conditions OK.
And now here I want to add the link of this link to this so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to add the link.
OK.
This and the URL is going to be just a hash tag because they don't have any right now.
And for this
I want to you are able to be just a hash tag.
Let's go down and let's see here we go.
You can see how they are coming right here.
You can change Linkov there.
OK you can change the full color.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to select.
And then here I want to change the color of days to be white.
So this is how it is looking.
You can change the separate color to be different.
All right.
OK just leave it.
So let's just change the colors to be
OK let's see here and let's come here to to take straight here.
And here you can change the color if this to anything.
And then we have the Texas Ray here.
You can control the text says that how you want the Texas to be and I want to align it to the left.
I want to change the text says he's a bit to sue
core knowledge go to the text scholars you can pretty well change the text color of this as well.
Let's go to the content.
Let's go to the text right here.
Let's see like this and let's remove these codings that we added.
So let's suppose that we haven't added any of
the colors right here.
OK I can see this is normal and this will be also turn to normal
Let's remove the style from here.
OK.
Here we go.
You can see this is totally OK and let's remove this span so you can see that we have removed every
condition that we have that we had added previously.
I'm going to go to break here and here let's see if we can change the color size color.
Let's go down
the heading text
spacing animation and everything.
OK.
No we have to change the color we cannot change it from this to.
I'm just going to select it.
I'm going to change its color to white.
Now just press control-C do rivered every changes that we have done.
OK.
This is just loading everything.
I don't know why.
OK.
I know it might be so confusing to you right now so let's just come here and let's do everything from
start.
OK.
I'm going to come here I'm going to hit this.
I'm going to add privacy.
Right.
The A C ry p l see right privacy policy.
And then this And then I want to add terms and conditions.
And here I want to add these links so I'm going to come here.
And here I want to add the hash tag right now so you can align it to whatever you want.
I'm like this someone to come here and I wanted to add the hash tag right now.
OK.
And let's hit this.
You can see this has been added.
Now let's come here and let's change the color.
So change the colors to white and change color of this to white as well.
Everything looks cool.
Let's go to the design right here.
Let's go to the text and let's fly into left.
So here we go.
This is how it is looking.
You can give some padding to make it matching if you want to make it a bill.
This is not matching so it can go to the spacing right here and give some padding.
Five pixel.
So this is now in a line.
I don't know why
to pick so.
OK.
On two pixels you can see this is totally in line.
So I'm going to click here and you can see this is how my footer is looking.
So I have just designed this for my own and VDB so I'm going to I'm here I'm going to hate Savery.
Now I can also make the changes I can also make it a little more closer to each other if I want to.
So I'm going to come here.
I can remove the spacing to the top right here and also to the bottom so I'm going to move this page
from the whole bottom right here.
OK.
And I'm going to come here and I'm going to Haiti right now.
That's it safe.
And again see this is great totally ok.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to try to view you say how it is looking.
S-3 not complete W.P. course dotcom.
You can see this is how it is looking.
We go down we go down here you don't.
Everything looks.
And this is how our footer is looking.
So this is also looking so amazing.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to come here I'm going to remove some spacing to the
top eating Big OK.
And now what I want to do I want to add this whole footer to every page.
OK if I just go to about page you will see this footer will not be there OK.
So what I'm going to do I want to make this for global so that if I'm going to make changes in future
of this footer I can make only one single and that will be applied to all of the things I can do that
OK.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to come here to this guy right here and I'm going to make it global.
I'm going to add the footer.
So it is going to be for credit for credit.
OK since we haven't we have given the credits right here I mean come here and I'm going ahead make this
global item OK.
I'm going to show you how this is going to work.
So I'm going to hit save to library you can see this item is going to be saved to my library.
So this is now global item.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going ahead Savery.
Now OK and I'm going to go to the About page exit.
Let's enable the visual builder and let's exit the initial build up from here.
OK.
And let's get you to conduct page let's come here.
Let's go down and let's add that footer that we made that global and also saved to the library.
So I'm going to go down go down and I'm going to click this guy right here.
Ed from library and here I want to add it from the library that I have added.
So this is the photo credit does green refers to that this is the global item I'm going to show you
how this global is going to work later on OK.
This is right here.
You can see I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit save.
And you can see this is still turned to create this stage.
This is global.
I'm going to go I'm here.
I'm going to hit any build a visual builder from the conduct Batesville.
Sorry
I'm going to go down.
I don't want to add the for here as well.
I'm going to add from library add the footer that we have treated from the DV right here.
You can see this is right here.
So now I'm going to hit save and now let's see what I'm telling you basically.
This is saved.
Let's go to the About page.
You can see that we have the full array here.
It's going to conduct page and you can see that we have the footer right here.
So if I want to make changes in the footer like in future.
OK.
What I would do what I would do.
So I have to just go to every biz like it normally has like 3 to 25 pages or more than that.
So if you have 25 pages would I have time to just go to every page didn't make the changes in the footer.
No.
This is how the global works.
I can make change to any of the footer right here.
OK.
And it will be applied to all of the pages.
This is how it's work.
Let me show you Let me show you.
You can see I am here in the contact Habanera here and I click here.
Let me go down and if I just click here
you can see that I can not it did
you can see I can not edit it because this is now marred as the global.
So I cannot edit that.
No one can edit it.
So what I what I do if I just come here to enable the visual from the home to
and then I go down you can see then only I can edit did because I added it in the home.
OK.
And if I just come here and I just add this and you can see that if I want to add anything in the future
so if I want to add designed by designed by Ziel or
OK and then I hit save
OK and then I come here and then I hit save.
You can see that I will just click here to exit the builder and then I go down.
You can see this is applied to every page.
So this is how these type of.
So you can just create it.
You just have to apply to every page that you have created.
You have to do that just to create professional and say if your device is not allowing you to create
custom footers you can create it you can make it global and then you can add it to every page.
I know what it will take some time but that is come on that is giving you total access to everything.
So you can see how this is.
Look at
let's go to the conduct page
and you can see.
So now we're totally done with our website.
OK.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this and the next video feed will be for King of the animation and
that thing that what we say on the mobile optimization in the next video so stadium guys in.